Add summary of SQLNS meta-analysis task to intervention page (#1356)
ihmeuw/vivarium_research: docs/source/models/intervention_models/lipid_based_nutrient_supplements/index.rst

    - 1
    - Apply this effect to both r1 and t1 transition rates

.. note::
  

>   We reviewed the individual studies included in [Dewey-et-al-2021b]_ to check if any evaluated the effects of SQ-LNS on wasting incidence rather than prevalence ([Dewey-et-al-2021b]_ focused on prevalence). We found that the RCTs rarely reported on incidence, but were still able to confirm that those that did had similar findings as our back-calculated incidence values (e.g., [Huybregts-et-al-2019-sqlns]_).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  We reviewed the individual studies included in [Dewey-et-al-2021b]_ to check if any evaluated the effects of SQ-LNS on wasting incidence rather than prevalence ([Dewey-et-al-2021b]_ focused on prevalence). Few RCTs reported on incidence, but those that did had similar findings as our back-calculated incidence values (e.g., [Huybregts-et-al-2019-sqlns]_).
```

Just saving a few words!
